 We have booked for Premium Economy class. When we were doing online checkin 48 hrs before the flight, we could not get a reserved seat in Premium Economy. We thought that it may be a system error but when went to the airport counter, Air India personnel said that the flight did not have Premium Economy. Also the attendant was very rude. Even if they knew it a couple of days before, they did not intimated it to us. We are still waiting for the reimbursement of this change from Air India. This is not the customer service we expect.
  I had a terrible customer service experience with the ground staff. They were very rude and uncooperative, lacking basic manners. It seemed like they didn’t care when I asked for the complaints procedure and policy, as no one was aware of it. After insisting, they provided a complaint book with no explanation of the procedure.
  Worst airline even to fly business class. Had approval to carry pet but refused to board because of excess 6kg. Worst Staff behaviour. Not helping at all.
   I will not fly Air India. Both legs of my flight had no in flight entertainment, so 15 hours each way. My big issue is how they charge for bags being over weight. They generously give free checked bags, but they weighed my carry ons boarding the flight and said I had to pay over 10,000 rupees to board as my bags were over weight. How greedy and petty.
  For this early morning flight, I had opted to show up on the weekend hoping that the load on this flight would not be as full as they normally would be over the weekends. The check in supervisor was kind and thankfully there were couple of seats available where I could get a seat onboard. The boarding started on time and the crew onboard was pretty friendly. For breakfast had opted for the egg omelet with hash browns which was fine along with tea. Arrival into CCU was also good and timely. Baggage retrieval was also good. Overall a good flight.
  Check in smooth, Staff at CDG airport Paris were cooperative. Boarding smooth and easy Crew. Average, not as pleasing as I would expect from India. Needs to improve to make the travellers feel cared. Meal too hot to my taste.  Desserts were of poor quality. IFE touch screen was not working. No WiFi onboard. Meal didn't fully match the menu provided on Air India mobile app. Smooth Transfer at Delhi
 Air India: A Nightmare of Unresponsive Customer Service. Dealing with Air India has been nothing short of a nightmare. While they did answer my initial calls, their promise of a callback was nothing but empty words, leaving me stranded without assistance. After over ten phone calls and spending more than ten hours on hold, they finally claimed to have found a flight for me and confirmed the booking. However, it turned out to be a lie. They falsely claimed that EL AL had canceled their part of the flight, when in reality, they hadn't. This deceitful behavior only added to the frustration of the situation. Their failure to provide an alternative flight after canceling mine, as required by law, further compounded the issue. Despite repeated attempts to seek help, I was met with indifference and a lack of solutions. Air India's customer service is simply unacceptable. Save yourself the hassle and choose an airline that values its customers.
   Absolutely ridiculous customer service! Never fly Air India. After they canceled my flight and provided me with an unsuitable solution on a different day they also had a gut to demand money because of fare differences and when I didn't agree and wanted to speak with somebody senior they disconnected my call. Better go for a proper low cost, at least you know what to expect
   Absolutely pathetic. No working entertainment or even a working overhead light for a 9 hour flight! Only vodka or whiskey to drink. No diet coke. Cabin crew ok. The first and last time I ever use Air India!
  For this late afternoon flight the boarding started on time and for snacks option there was chhole kulche along with dessert and tea/coffee. For the non veg option there was chicken with noodles. The flight itself was pretty uneventful and landed at BLR on time, but noted that the baggage took a bit of time to arrive at the carousel but otherwise for the price that was paid this was a pretty routine flight
  I opted for this midweek flight hoping there would be enough seats which at the check in thankfully there was. The staff supervisor there was very friendly and helped me when my boarding pass was unable to get scanned at the security at BLRs T2 gate, she assisted me in getting through the security and also dealing with some passengers who were in front of me during check in. The flight was quite nice that had dinner service on board. Had opted for the chicken dish that came along with rice and stuff parathas which was good. Arrival was on time and so was baggage retrieval .
  How do you feel when the pilot makes an announcement shortly after the plane has started taxiing and points out a technical problem with the air conditioning that will hopefully be solved during the flight? Well, more than uncertain. When we boarded the plane, the cabin was heated to around 35°, which remained the case for the first 1.5 hours or so of the flight.  The seatbelt indicator lights did not work either. This perceived safety problem was compounded by the overall condition of the aircraft. While the entertainment system at my wife's seat didn't work on the outward flight, it practically failed throughout the entire plane on the return flight. And that on a long-haul flight. In addition, one toilet didn't work, my seat back was in a catastrophic state and one toilet was out of order. In another, the washbasin was provisionally glued down so that it didn't fall off the wall. Do you feel comfortable and safe? A clear no. It's also cheeky: when checking in online 48 hours before departure, the seats are displayed. Our two seats offered at no extra cost were in different rows. If we wanted to sit together or enjoy a bit more legroom, we had to pay extra. Coincidentally, relatives of ours were flying from Frankfurt to Singapore the same week. Here, too, the decision was made: No more Air India. After a lengthy back and forth with Air India, we were granted around 120 euros in compensation for both passengers. With a total flight price of almost 1,800 euros, this was an outrage.
  I travelled with my wife on Air India from Delhi to Newark via Mumbai. I must say that the service from Crew members were flawless. The crew is Professional, Polite, Courteous. The food was flavorful and plentiful. Yes granted the aircrafts were 10 to 15 years old but they were clean. One way my IFE was not working.
   Old Etihad plane completely worn out. IFE not working at least half of cabin. Broken tables. Broken toilets. Have flown Air India for some bizarre reason for 10 years. Will not fly on them again.
 Terrible experience, super old Aircraft, dirty everywhere, flight attendants tried their best to make sure that everyone was happy. Never flying with them again. In Delhi airport at boarding time representatives of Air India asked me to pay 800USD for a Duty Free bag, however post terminal doesn’t work and they tried to ask for cash. They said any cash amount. I didn’t pay and they allowed us to board last minute.
   Air India is a shame to India, being a national carrier they are the disgrace to the country. My mother, who is a senior citizen and was operated recently was not provided with wheel chair services at Toronto airport even after booking in advance and asking for multiple times at the airport itself.
  In March of 2024 I flew multiple international and domestic (India) flights with Air India. All flights were sold as “Business Class”. The Delhi to SFO plane was old, my seat was neither comfortable and the controls did not work. The food was pathetic and to top it off the flight attendants were not in any way attentive. Requests for food or drinks were either ignored or required two or three requests and up to a fifty minute wait time. The flight attendants were either not properly trained, over worked or simply did not care about passengers. Nothing one expects to be found in “Business Class” was apparent with Air India. In fact in my experience most domestic United States carriers premium economy far surpass anything I experienced with Air India Business Class on an international flight.
  I was travelling on the morning flight from CCU to BOM and had bought this ticket at a discount rate and even though the flight was on the fuller side I was able to get through. Boarding started a bit late and we were in the aircraft for almost an hour due to the ATC congestion. For breakfast had opted for the veg option that included parathas with sabzi, a croissant along with yogurt and beverages. Landing was on time and baggage retrieval was swift. Overall had a good experience for the price that was paid.
  I flew from AMS - Delhi / Delhi AMS in both flights I had the same bad experience. Would not recommend. Legroom poor, Entertainment was not working for the entire economy cabin. Air-conditioning not working, pilot had to apologize for the inconvenience. Disorganized boarding experience. No Wifi.
  I recently traveled Business Class from London to Mumbai. Throughout the journey, I observed a significant disparity between the two sides of the plane. On one side, passengers were promptly served snacks, juice, and amenities kits, while the other side seemed to receive less attention. As a paying Business Class traveler, this inconsistency was quite evident and left me perplexed. Whenever I requested assistance from the flight attendants, their standard reply was, “We’ll take care of it for your side later.” Unfortunately, these assurances rarely translated into action. Whether it was headphones, desserts, or other amenities, the promised items often failed to materialize. Strongly urge the management to implement better checks and balances. Keeping track of items served to each passenger is essential. After all, we all paid for the same Business Class experience, and it’s disheartening to see such discrepancies.
  Worst trip in a business class ever. Unable to flatten seat owing to mechanical failure and in flight entertainment was completely off the entire 17 hr flight. Wheelchair assistance was poor at both Delhi and Vancouver.
  Worst experience! Food was awful, cabin crew were not very friendly, lights in the airline were switched off for most of the flight time, entertainment monitors did not work for most of the flight and delayed flight made me miss the connecting international flight. Flight staff at the Delhi Airport were even worse.
 Worst airline I have travelled on. Flights are delayed because they don't have staff to check in passengers.  Staff hardly speak English and they don't understand. They would change the gates any time without announcing on the speaker. Their staff came and spoke in his language to a passenger that the gate has change.
  I check in into terminal 2 of airport properly as per ticket so not only me but along with me several families were misguided to go to gate 6 and 7. After we enter the gate there is no representative of Air India to guide us, people were late on top of it security gate delay and than no one responsible person. The staff tells us this is domestic counter you go to international and no body of their staff knows where is this international counter all clueless people ok after that people some how reach the international counter. The moment we go 5 to 10 mins before the reporting time their staff informs the flight is closed and you'll will have to go to managers. They give us big lecture on time and all so we told them we were already there on time your staff misguided us on wrong gate. They are very very good at telling you your duties but they are unprofessional and uncooperative people.
  The worst airline in the world I was traveling from Dubai to Delhi and Air India lost my luggage. First they said Dubai didn’t send which was a lie, because Dubai airport sent on same day. After they was telling me we don’t know where is your luggage.
   Travelled 1st March London to Thiruvanthapuram via Mumbai. Also on 8th March Thiruvanthapuram to Delhi and then to Amristsar. Then return to Thiruvanthapuram on 10th and flew back to London via Mumbai on 12th. So multiple flights (8) in 1-2days. The staff were great, no issues very customer focused, food quality and taste excellent on board. Excellent leg room and seats comfortable. I noticed a few passengers had screens not working. The only issue we had was during transfer from Mumbai to Thiruvanthapuram at Mumbai airport it was like a cattle market - complete lack of order and no queuing system, Air India staff screeching at passengers waiting to check in their luggage again. That definitely needs improving! Other than that the check in staff were very courteous and polite. Air India personnel at Thiruvanthapuram-exceptional. Definitely will fly with Air India again.
  Old aircraft. Most of the IFE were out of order, even after rebooting. One passenger whose IFE worked said the IFE was exactly the same as 9 years ago when the 787 arrived for Air India. Toilets dirty. No call buttons & light buttons. In trying to read, I had to catch the attention of a flight attendant who passed by. She had to turn it on via the wall mount behind the crew seat for me. The same happened when I wanted to have the light turned off. It was a dilapidated aircraft in need of refurbishment. The 12.5 hour flight felt very long, as there was no IFE. Food was of meagre portion. One small tray of main plus 2 small cartons of side dessert. It was a very unenjoyable flight. Seat very hard, tailbone hurt after sitting for a long time. Instead of 8 abreast, AI uses a 9 abreast configuration.
  Aircraft newer than the one of the previous trip, but not refurbished. IFE worked. After take off, a hot snack/supper served, with 2 choices, veg & non veg, then breakfast / lunch. Portion standard. Toilets cleaner than the previous flight. 9 abreast configuration makes aisles very narrow. Seat a bit hard,. Did not use call button, but supposed there was none. No light button for reading too. Also like the fact that after the flight, I was surprised the flight attendant did not collect the food trays in order. She collected them in her own order. It took a long time for her to collect mine. Shortly after I sat down in my seat, in seeing that I had a head dressing due to injury, the flight attendant asked if I needed any help.
  It was the worst international flight experience. I booked with Air India for my parents considering that it will be the best Airlines for senior Indian citizen. I was wrong. First the flight was late more than 2 hours.  I had requested for wheel chair assistance at Delhi airport but they never received that assistance.
 Nothing was working: no screen, no movies, no music, no light, staff very unpolite, food very bad. And very expensive ticket, for what you get, better to use other airlines.
  The travel with air India came up being a nightmare that might haunt me in the future travels as well. There were so many big issues that I am writing this review so you do not have to go through the same thing I did. Too crowded and unhygienic.  For a flight of 12 hours we did not anything to entertain because the screen for almost half of flight was not working. Flights was delayed for almost 3 hours with no transparent information and from the beginning the delay time was 20 minutes which added up to almost 3 hours. Due to delay we lost our next flight which was also via air India and the staff at Delhi airport tried every possible way to make us find our own accommodation and even asked us to lie at Indian immigration parrotting us to tell we want to visit Delhi not the real reason that we had to get out as they couldn’t provide us accommodation within the airport premises which ended up creating a discussion and kind of scene. When I arrived to Kathmandu airport, I had missing baggage and its still missing. Only good thing was the crew team members ”air hostess “ were humble and helpful Avoid trouble avoid Air India
 I have been helped by the reviews here, so decided to share my experience from Washington DC to Kathmandu via Delhi. Flight time/duration and price was just too tempting to give AI a try and I am glad I tried them. I find their economy seats comfortable and good decent service. However, restrooms cleanliness can be improved. I did not care about entertainment system, so no comment on that. Hope Air India keeps improving. I will fly with them again.
  Worst flight, no inflight entertainment (screen doesn't work). No navigation in 15 hrs flight. Seats don't recline. Cannot call air hostess as buttons don't wor.k Washroom so so dirty and they don't even clean after few hours of flight. Overall very old and dirty plane. Not recommended at all. Avoid if you can. Its very bad experience
  We had a flight on Air India departing Delhi on a Saturday at 15:20, supposed to arrive in San Francisco at 18:20. Air India first changed our flight just hours before departure, they then changed it again later in the day. The flight was not cancelled for weather, war, or acts of God. No reason was ever given. After the changes, we were finally boarded on a different flight departing Monday afternoon, 2 days later. All during this time, Air India didn't offer any kind of compensation; no meals, no lodging, no nothing. We had to stay at a hotel 2 nights at our own expense. We wrote to Air India and explained the situation, asking they pay for the hotel and meals. They wrote back "In the case of your booking to SFO we humbly convey to you that you were given alternate flight and that you travelled till your final destination". NO mention of the 2 nights at a hotel we had to pay for. If they would have delayed us for a month, would we still be liable to pay for our food and lodging!?!
  Very third class services of air India. We were in the line at 3.45 am to the airport for 5am flight there was no call given by that supervisor. only 2 people were at the counter. That lady was very unprofessional and not well mannered. She had not accepted our tickets we had to cancel it.  Very disappointed. Horror experience
  I am extremely dissatisfied with Air India. Despite my family repeatedly warning me not to travel with AI, I thought of giving it a try. On my way from DEL to LHR , my inflight entertainment did not work. This has been such a common complaint from my relatives hence they warned me. I pressed the call attendant button but they would just turn off the sign. I pressed the button 4 times and on all 4 occasions they turned off the sign from their end. Frustrated I went to cabin crew area where they were just talking. I dont have any issues with them laughing and talking , it is their right. My problem is why they kept turning off the help calls? I explained that the inflight entertainment did not work. They asked me to sit. 5 mins later, a lady came and said its a common issue and the fact that the flight is around 8 hours, I could sleep during this time. I told her yes I would sleep but no one should be commanding what time I do what. She said maybe I can give feedback as none of Air India inflight entertainment systems work in any plane.
  The airline is part of the Star Alliance but is not an airline that lives up to the normal standard. The plane was supposed to have inflight entertainment but the majority of the screens were not working. Might be a problem in one plane but as it was the same on both flights it is most probably a systematic problem. Please prepare to have your own entertainment with you. The food onboard was really bad (normally I like the kind of food served in India but this was really bad). Take something to eat with you if you are foolish enough to go by Air india. The plane was dirty and even though the space was fairly good I would warn you for the not so pleasant flight. Service was ok but the limits of all type of drinks was not good (I only drink nonalcoholic and still there was limits). My travel was delayed by almost 5 hours and that was according to the staff on the ground due to technical problems at first and then after finding an alternative plane they needed another crew as the other had to many hours. When I asked for compensation of 600 Euros (not for a full refund) they changed the delay cause to bad weather and not technical issues!
  It’s a bad experience. The flight timing was 22.40pm on 11th Feb from Mumbai to Abu Dhabi. But they changed timing as 12.30 on 12th Feb, 1.40am and then 2am. But still not sure when they will depart. It’s so disappointing. And for the delayed refreshment they are not proving any Coffe or tea. And providing only specific meal with smallest water bottle.
 Had a very good experience. Very polite cabin crew. We were travelling with a child and they were very helpful. Food was great. On time arrival and liberal baggage policy for international routes compared to American and European airlines. Clean flight and good enough in flight entertainment
  Cancelled flight Hyderabad-Delhi-Paris. My wife, my daughter and I arrived at Hyderabad airport at 3a.m. on January 15 2024 we saw that our flight AI 559 to Delhi had been cancelled, we received an email at the same time. We tried to get information and find a solution during 6 hours at the airport, no one could find a solution for us or give us reliable information. 6 hours waiting at the airport from 3am until 9am for nothing. Then in the afternoon, one Indian friend helped us calling Air India, we managed to schedule the cancelled flight by Air India for 2 days later, on January 17. The plane we took from Delhi to Paris was horrible, dirty and old, entertainment system was not working, the food was horrible. Air India refused to give us a commercial gesture and compensation for all these inconveniences.
  Our worst flying experience. My wife and I were flying Air India from Ahmedabad to Newark via Mumbai. Our first flight was delayed (from 8:25 pm to 9:25pm) and we were informed just a few hours before. After arriving at the airport, we were told that our connecting flight form Mumbai to Newark has been cancelled and that we would have to fly to JFK in NY instead. We insisted that we would prefer to fly to Newark but no one could guarantee us a seat to Newark even a few days later. We were told no flight could be seen in the near future and that we should take the flight to JFK. Well, the flight from Ahmedabad was not delayed by an hour, it did not depart for another hour and a half (@ 11 pm). By then, we had been at the airport for 5 hours but no one offered us any food vouchers or water. After arriving in Mumbai, we had a heck of a time getting to the gate due to the distance and security check, etc. The flight to JFK was scheduled at 1:45 am and we were sure we couldn’t make that! Even worse than that is the fact that while we were trying to reach our gate, we heard an announcement for an Air India flight leaving for Newark!!! We were lied to about the Newark flight being cancelled and bumped onto another flight which reaches at an airport that is another hour away form Newark. We did not receive any prior notification as with the first flight but were surprised at the check-in counter. Meanwhile, the flight to JFK was delayed by a little over an hour and finally left at 3:00 am with us on it. We had to make other arrangements to get home and it cost us more money!! There was no talk of any compensation for inconvenience or any other options by Air India.
 Delhi to Dubai, flight AI 995. It was a fabulous experience, I have been a club Vistara and Singapore Airlines traveller for many years, have been a platinum member for many years, but my experience today travelling business class from Delhi to Dubai has been fabulous. From the check in, boarding, the in flight experience, the ambience, and not to forget the courtesy of the staff has been amazing, it exceeded my expectations. Have been doing business class for a long time, never had expected air india to be this special. Definitely my next flight is Air India for sure, and many more to come for sure.
  We travelled by Air India twice in January between Mumbai and Rajkot in January 2024. Excellent crew, polite and professional, the pilots explained why flights were slightly delayed. Although the flights were only about an hour long the cabin crew provided a sandwich, small carton of fruit juice and a small bottle of water. Comfortable seats, adequate leg space and usb port to charge phone after flight has departed.
  Absolutely the worst flight I have ever been on. Was on the Toronto to Delhi direct flight and got a swift realization why I will never book to fly with Air India again. I was flying with 3 others that all needed special wheelchair assistance, so in order to even check-in we had to wait in line first before they would even allow them to sit in the wheelchair area. Now up to this point everything was a mild inconvenience. However the flight itself was what made sealed the deal of never flying Air India. For a direct long haul flight I cannot believe the condition of the airplane. The upholstery was dirty and falling apart held together with zip ties. The bathrooms were disgusting and also falling apart. The icing on the cake was a 13.5 hr flight with no inflight entertainment and being told they cannot fix it. See all the pics for what you are getting into if you choose to fly Air India.
  My worst flying experience was this international transit flight from Mumbai to Bangkok. The aircraft was infested with mosquitoes when passengers boarded. The cramped leg space left me uncomfortable, and despite the efforts of the flight crew, the situation remained unaddressed. The seats were not comfortable for long-distance travel. Based on this experience, I would not consider traveling with Air India again, nor would I recommend it to others.
  A very bad experience. It was a 12.5 hr flight from Delhi to Sydney. Supposed to take off at 2:15pm on 13th Jan from Delhi. Firstly I reach the check in Counter at 11:45 am and stood in the queue. There are so many counters for air India but any counter is not for a particular air India flight which males is so difficult for passengers as almost every passenger is asking the staff is this line for Sydney or Dubai or London or xyz destination. Secondly there were so long queue that by the time I reached the actual counter 1hr and 15 mins have already passed by. So finally at 1pm I reached the counter and handed my passport to the staff so they can check in and initiate a baggage drop. While the staff was checking my flight details I just got an sms that my flight has been delayed by 2 hrs and will now take off at 4:30 pm instead of 2:15 pm . Then the staff had a look and told me since your flight is now delayed to 4:30pm we cannot check you in you are too early for the flight, go and rest and come back in 1 hr and we should be able to check you in. So which means I had already waster 1hr and 15 mins in the queue then the flight is delayed by 2 hrs; after that I have to wait for another 1hr then stand in line again and then check in my luggage. What a waste of time. 1hr later at roughly around 2:15 pm I went to the counter again to check and she said your check in was already open about 2 hrs ago and that the person you spoke to earlier had given wrong information. Finally I did a baggage drop and went further for a security check. After security we went and waited for boarding as now the boarding was only going to happen at 4pm I still had another 1 hr with nothing to do. I had thought I will be in flight already 2:15 they would give food but now the flight is late by 2 hrs so no food for another 2 hrs and they did not compensate us with any complimentary food at the airport either. Slowly some time passed by and at 3:45 there was another announcement that the flight is now further delayed to a 5:30 take off. This meant that there has been a 3 hr delay from the original scheduled time of take off. Then at 4:45 finally they started the boarding so finally I had some relief and thought ok no more delays now . Almost everyone was seated in the flight and at 5:15 i heard another announcement that they are waiting for 1 passe ger as they have not yet boarded the flight. 10 minutes the passenger finally came. The flight finally started a take off at 5:45 pm. After all this once the flight was in the air around 6:15 pm they made an announcement that the seat belt sign is off and they provide snacks in some time. Finally at 6:45 they provided snacks and drinks.  Also from the time I sat in the plan the TV was not working at all. I informed them and they said they are serving food so they will do a reset after they finish with the food. They started serving food at 6:45 pm and finished by 7:45 pm . I told then again about the TV and they said they will go and reset now and it would then take 20 minutes to reset and come back up. So I thought probably by 8:15 at least I should be able to watch something . Once the reset was completed and I turned on the TV but still it was not fixed. Basically I had to stay for the entire 13 hrs flight without TV. I had no option left but go to sleep. first long wait for check in ; second flight delayed by 3 hrs and third no TV
  I recently traveled business class with my daughter and elderly mom, and my experience with Air India left much to be desired. Our luggage was lost with no support or communication from the airline. The lack of empathy and remorse in the way customers were treated is unacceptable. Seeking assistance from a supervisor resulted in extra-long wait times, only to be met with dismissive attitudes. Holding a grudge for asking for help is not the kind of service one expects. I had essential medication in my suitcase, and despite carrying only a 2-day supply in my hand luggage, the lost baggage left me in a dire situation. It's now day 3, and there's still no news on the baggage. Additionally, there's been no communication regarding a claim or compensation for the inconvenience caused. The airline changed/cancelled my flight without any prior notification, causing unnecessary stress and inconvenience.  When faced with a modified flight, I had no flexibility and was forced to choose their option. Exploring alternatives was impractical due to last-minute expenses from other airlines and the urgency of an expiring visa the next day. Despite the hospitality and care provided by the cabin staff during the flight, the numerous issues encountered throughout the journey overshadow this positive note.
 I had mixed feelings as I booked this flight, due to the many negative reviews on this page, but on the contrary I held optimism for Air India since the Tata takeover. I booked this trip (WLG to STV via MEL and DEL, 1st leg operated by Qantas, last leg by Air India Express) as it was almost half the price as other airlines on this route, but also because I wanted to give Air India a go again. Honestly, I had a very pleasant experience. The check in process, baggage handling, comfort, boarding, cleanliness, ground and cabin crew, food and service were all excellent - on par with what you'd usually expect with the likes of Singapore Airlines. Crew member Pranali on MEL-DEL flight on 12 Jan was particularly kind, attentive and excellent at her job. Honestly I'd fly this airline again. As an Indian based abroad I would always prefer to fly an airline which feels like home as soon as you board and honestly I had no complaints.
  Third class experience. All seats torn, cloth of pockets as well as seats. Looks like a state transport bus. Never travel with air India. Total waste of your money
  My experience was nothing short of amazing, thanks to the outstanding service provided by the airline's dedicated team. From the outset, the ground staff at Mumbai Airport showed an exceptional level of support. The efficiency and warmth exhibited during the check-in process by the executive at the counter set a positive tone for the journey. I was pleased to find myself in a new and well-maintained plane. The seating was comfortable, and the cleanliness of the cabin was impressive. The culinary offerings were delicious. The diverse meal options and attention to taste were much appreciated. One of the highlights of my journey was the exemplary service provided by the guest relations team, which included Chhaya, Yash, and ABBU. Their dedication to ensuring passenger comfort and satisfaction was evident in every interaction.
  This is not even a comfort issue. When an airline thinks it's OK to put a plane into service for a 14-hour long haul fight where the seats are falling apart, many tray tables were, loose on hinges and can't stay up when opened and barely latched when closes; and emergency floatation devices were detached from under the seat and on the ground. Most of the TV screens not working. I have 3 more legs on my travel plans, this is just very terrible how they're getting away with it!
  I was pleasantly surprised by the new A320Neo this time and it was clean and comfortable seats. The seat included a cup holder and a phone holder and the seats have USB Charging points. This flight  had great crew and refreshment service which included a snack box. I asked for one more sandwich and the crew gave me another snack box which I appreciate. Overall a great short flight and I'm very impressed by Air India and would fly them again.
  Air India allows 25kg check in Baggage which I feel is very generous. I loved my experience onboard despite a 16 year old aircraft, A kind crew and delicious snack box made this short flight very comfortable.
  Avoid like a Plague. We booked tickets at 3 times the normal price due to black dates of travel which offered us very little flexibility. Old worn aircraft, non functional entertainment screens, rude ground staff, seat recline not working, no time management. There was not even one leg of journey where the flight was not delayed by 3 hours. Last leg from Hyd- Del- LHR was the nail in coffin. For Hyd to Del leg, passengers were asked to board after 2 hours delay and then asked to sit in Aircraft further for 1.30 hours. The ground staff and flight supervisor told repeatedly to connecting 27 passengers (to London Heathrow) that connecting flight from Delhi AI 165 is waiting to accommodate them. To our shock, the flight had departed 50 mins before we landed. The whole ground staff is rude. Eventually after so much fight for a place to reach final destination, we boarded AI 161 after 13 hours of actual departure (of AI 165) from New Delhi and have just arrived in LHR. We faced 16 hours delay on a 11.5 hours travel.
